feat: support brace expansion in BUILD/SKIP (#527)
joerick/cibuildwheel: docs/options.md

When both options are specified, both conditions are applied and only builds with a tag that matches `CIBW_BUILD` and does not match `CIBW_SKIP` will be built.

> When setting the options, you can use shell-style globbing syntax (as per [`fnmatch`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/fnmatch.html) and expanded by [`bracex`](https://pypi.org/project/bracex/)). All the build identifiers supported by cibuildwheel are shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting the options, you can use shell-style globbing syntax, as per [`fnmatch`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/fnmatch.html) with the addition of curly bracket syntax `{option1,option2}`, provided by [`bracex`](https://pypi.org/project/bracex/). All the build identifiers supported by cibuildwheel are shown below:
```

# Skip Python 3.6 on Linux
CIBW_SKIP: cp36-manylinux*

# Only build on Python 3 (ready for 3.10 when it comes) and skip 32-bit builds

> CIBW_BUILD: cp3{?,??}-*

Reviewer 2: This could just be `3*`, then, or is that nothing we want to advise?

Author: We do this more or less already with `pp*`, so don't think the `-` is important. But I wanted somewhere to show the brackets. ;)

Reviewer: Ah, yes `cp3*-` might be a neater way to write it. If we wanted to demo the brackets, we could do `{cp,pp}3*-`? (also this matches the comment)

Reviewer 2: Good call, @joerick :-)
